very good to all here fast danielle
and well I bring one on the map of
coal in for the first time a love in the
demolition game mode what good what
I was testing with the black clan that
good is another thing I wanted to tell you
that's why I'm talking to the
taxpayers
with the one to fuck with zero with black
but good at the end
I'm going to go to black
talking to them a couple of times but
good for those of pi for those of 0
and everyone
and we will continue playing although not though
let's be clan I do not see why not
we could continue playing
we are finding the video a bit
we're
in three minutes and something
and good nothing in a round of chance I think
they're still talking about the sack before
but of the round
Well, I took out the NBA
a little time per round
get to one with the car and I up
placed the explosions and the whole truth
it's pretty good in the game
I had one of playing with me
and I was playing with rebels and good
seconds
I was playing with one of 10 and with the
black
and against the burn good clan I do not know when
we started the game
good invitation from scratch
but good is very important
there are 7 seconds left for me
when in time with one without that then
also did not want time to start like that
how good was everything perfect
but good for that already I would have
and well I also wanted to tell you a
very important news at least for me
the editor has already been removed from the trailer
it has given me quite a lot
Photos
but
I did not like the game too much
futurists 25 collectives
well it gives a little bit of thing that is like this
old but basic
then something
good here with beautiful the sun some
is now the portable radar that I
I recommend it has already been talked about in
several games
and always
forced us worth but with the radar
portable as the casualties that you have to
low hours but if I get to
kill that time I would not have had the web
that's for me at least it's pretty
important the portable place
he has not given me more but if he helps you
next to considering putting together in the
portable because all the disadvantages
specialist that I found the mp 7 by
there
those things have love the whole
of things
but time nor to see me
no christ is a pretty thing
pretty
I do not even know how you stay low
of course not
It is quite fast because
the thing is pretty easy good here they go
22 ones
but
I see myself to see
the challenge as simple
and therefore he does not have the
practically someone figuro other
two
and steals and surround me but I take the
voice
and good kills all the team except one
I think something had come out
no longer a few seconds to 27-3 the
departure is worth but very very good departure
for the time that lasts so nothing else
give you favorite lines and subscribe to
see more modes until another